docs: updates for CLI v0.9.4 (#80)
infracost/docs: docs/faq.md

Infracost gets prices from the Cloud Pricing API, which we continually update with the latest cloud vendor prices.

## Does the CLI send the Terraform plan to the Cloud Pricing API?

No. The CLI parses the Terraform plan JSON file to find [cost-related parameters](/docs/faq#example-request) and uses those to lookup cloud prices. See the following FAQ for more details.

## What data is sent to the Cloud Pricing API?

No cloud credentials or secrets are sent to the Cloud Pricing API. Infracost does not make any changes to your Terraform state or cloud resources.

> The Cloud Pricing API needs the relevant data to return a unique cloud price point, so it parses the plan JSON file to find those. We also send the count of Terraform resource types to the Cloud Pricing API to enable us to better prioritize support for new resources. Additional context such as the operating system, Terraform version, type of CI system, and Infracost version are also sent alongside error tracking events so we can identify and fix issues quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cloud Pricing API needs the relevant data to return a unique cloud price point. The plan JSON file is parsed by the Infracost CLI to extract the relevant data to make requests to the Cloud Pricing API. We also send the count of Terraform resource types to the Cloud Pricing API to enable us to better prioritize support for new resources. Additional context such as the operating system, Terraform version, type of CI system, and Infracost version are also sent alongside error tracking events so we can identify and fix issues quickly.
```

This sounds like the Cloud Pricing API parses the plan JSON.
